# Biography
Peter Belbita Biography
Peter Belbita is best described as a passionate entrepreneur whose expertise with web design, networking, IT solutions, marketing, application support, communications, marketing and general business practice lead to success for every client with whom he works. Peter Belbita bridges the gap between marketing and technology to bring superior results to client endeavors. 

Peter Belbita has notable business experience in several arenas. As a Marketing Manager, he has managed company branches not only in the United States but also in Europe, Australia and Canada, thus giving Peter Belbita an international edge in today’s competitive market. Awarded the S.P. Richards Preferred Education Vendor in 2015, Peter Belbita created, designed, maintained and patented the “iClicknPrint” application, modules and interfaces as well as managed all promotion of the application on ABC’s “Good Morning America” and NBC’s “The Today Show”. During his time as an Assistant Director of Internet Marketing, Peter Belbita created and directed Internet Marketing Department and transitioned website ownership from IT department to Marketing while initiating SEO protocols to increase page ranking, all to great success. IT management is the backbone of Peter Belbita’s career success, as he is well-versed in numerous platforms and has a strong mastery of software, ERP systems, SEO and several languages. His ability to unify the technology and creative worlds by developing innovative business concepts and improving business models makes BIRT-Certified Peter Belbita an invaluable asset to any firm.
